
== Frodo2x ==

Congratulations on your download of Frodo for the GP2X.  When used properly
Frodo2x can bring many hours of stimulation.  Please observe the following
operating instructions.

=== Operation ===

Copy the files:

Frodo.gpe
Frodo
FrodoPC.gpe
FrodoPC 

to the top level of your SD card.  You can then launch Frodo from the standard
game launcher menu.  Some games that don't work in Frodo will work in FrodoPC,
and vice versa.

The button assignments are currently:

Select - open menu
Left shoulder - open the virtual keyboard
B - fire
X - space

The joypad by default is in port 2.  For games that require a joystick in port
1 you can change this from the Frodo menu.

If you select 'reverse controls' from the menu, the buttons A,B,X and Y act as
the joystick and joypad push fires.

To load most games you simply need to select 'attach' from the menu and select
the appropriate .d64 file.  Then select 'load first program'.  To load another
select 'reset c64', then do the same again.  For disk images that contain
multiple files first attach the image, then select 'load directory browser'.
Use the virtual keyboard to select a file.


=== Features ===

Graphics have now been optimised for the GP2X and it should now run at full
spped with zero frameskip.

Frodo2x can use d64 (disk) and t64 (tape) images, plain .prg files, and native
directories.  Zipped images are also now supported.  Disk images can be
written to, but not zipped disk images.

Snapshots are saved to the c64/snapshots folder and can be loaded like any
other file.

Use the left shoulder button to open and close the virtual keyboard.  If it's
in the way of what you're typing use the bar at the top to drag it around.

=== Obtaining disk images for Frodo ===

You can pick up many disk images from ftp://arnold.c64.org/pub/games.

This torrent contains a large number of c64 games:
http://thepiratebay.org/details.php?id=3295949

For information and reviews of c64 games have a look at http://lemon64.com.

For some game recommendations see this thread:
http://www.gp32x.com/board/index.php?showtopic=20882&hl=

=== About Frodo ===

Frodo is a Commodore 64 emulator by Christian Bauer.  It is available at
http://frodo.cebix.net/.  Frodo has been ported to a number of systems
including the Amiga, Windows, MacOS, Linux, the GP32 and many others.

=== About Frodo2x ===

Frodo2x was ported by Mike Dawson from the cvs version of Frodo.  The standard
features of Frodo are included along with useful additions for a handheld
system such as a virtual keyboard and zipped file support.  The Frodo2x home
page is at http://gp2x.org/gp2x/frodo.

=== About the C64 ===

The Commodore 64 is an 8 bit home computer, popular in the 80s and one of the
best-selling computers of all time.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/C64

=== Thanks ===

Thanks to Christian Bauer for creating Frodo.  Thanks to The Oddbot and
DJWillis for toolchain buildscripts and everyone else involved with the Open2x
project, Rlyeh for the input and memory poking routines, RobB for 8 bit
display help.  Also to Craigix at gbax.com for importing the fine handheld.

